Zhao Ruolan, don't struggle to the death
I don't eat this set
Ma Jinshan, hurry up and make a choice
You bitch is so shameless
Obviously you lost
It's okay if you don't keep your promise
Take a bite
Don't envy the relationship between Ma Shoufu and Zhao Ruolan, right?
I can't afford to play and bark
If you lose, you won't admit it.
Still here
Can you have a face?
Ma Shoufu, you'd better leave me alone
I don't want to embarrass you.
Zhao Ruolan
Don't worry since
We have chosen you to be the spokesperson of our company.
We will advance and retreat with you
The little days can't help us
That being the case
Then don't blame me
I will announce it to the world now
You are complicit
Mother Black Olympics
and
We will also complain to the vice president of the International Olympic Games
You, the richest man, don't have the right to sponsor this at all
This Takahashi has great courage
How dare you slander the Olympic champion in our building
It's really against him
speed up
Let's hurry up to Zhaojiacun
Give Zhao Ruolan justice and innocence